= docomo_web_mailer

== DESCRIPTION:

Docomo Web Mail Scraiper

Docomo Web Mail is http://dwmail.jp/

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* フォルダのリストを得ることが出来ます。
* フォルダ内のメールのリストを得ることが出来ます。
* メールのヘッダを得ることが出来ます。
* メールのmimeパートを得ることが出来ます。
* メールの添付ファイルを得ることが出来ます。
* 得たメールをsmtp用の文章に変換することが出来ます。

* メールを送ったり削除することは出来ません。


== SYNOPSIS:

メール転送の例
login_id , password = dwmail のid,password
your_smtp_server = smtpサーバ
forwarding_mail_address = 転送先

 mailer = DocomoWebMailer.new
 mailer.login( login_id, password )
 maillist = mailer.mail_list_start(mailer.mail_label_list[:inbox],1000) 
 #nextmaillist = mailer.mail_list_get(maillist,1001,1000)
 Net::SMTP.start( your_smtp_server, 25 ) {|smtp|
   for mail in maillist
     smtp.send_mail mailer.make_mail_to_smtp( mail ), mail.from, forwarding_mail_address
   end
 }

== REQUIREMENTS:

* mechanize >= 1.0
* json 

== INSTALL:

* gem install docomo_web_mailer

== Contributing to docomo_web_mailer
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

   nazoking@gmail.com

(The MIT License)
Copyright (c) 2010 nazoking. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

